Ye Feifan, since you don't want to drink it
Then I will let
Instantly disfigured
Let him live the rest of his life with ugliness
Drink or not drink or not
You son of a bitch
Who made you drink it?
I've treated you like that before
Who allowed you to drink for me?
Get out of here, you've fallen into my hands
I can finally avenge my dad
Your dad saved my life
I will return this life to you today
Ye Feifan, hurry up and drink it
Sorry, sorry.
I shouldn't have treated you like that before
Don't grind
Finish your drink
Haha when you die
I can get the sponsorship of that big shot
I know how to lead our Zhang family back to the peak
Hahaha
Dad?
I finally avenged you.
Revenge, you underestimate me too much
Don't look at big brother
Yang Lingfan, how could you be so powerful?
I can't fail
Your puppet
Didn't I tell you my true identity?
Who the hell are you?
Ask Yama